1.这世上蠢人多，而聪明人少，多数表决其实是让多数蠢辈决定蠢事。 
2.有权力的人，只要轻声细语，每一个人也能听得详细；没权力的人，就算声嘶力竭，也没人听闻。 
3.所谓的会议，不过是一群彼此不能被说服的人，在努力呻吟而已。 
你们可以继续呻吟，吾喜欢看，看一群人为了自己的利益，努力保持风度的丑态。 
4.明明是众人想除之而后快的对象，却又想留下敌人的敌人，为了更大的欲望，所以掩盖现在的欲望， 
这场枭皇论战并无新意。离开吧，替西瓜化妆都比参加这场会议来得有意义。 
5.礼仪，是上者逼使下者更加屈服的心理枷锁，因为违背礼仪将招致祸害，所以让下者对上者，更加敬畏。 
6.信用，是将自己利益无条件交给他人掌控，弱者遵守信用，因为他们必须依靠一套名叫道德的规则存活， 
敢背信的人，是拥有对方不敢报复的自信。 
7.(魔王子：我想小妹，把小妹还我，不然我会哭。戢武王：你的样子跟语气不像....) 
吾只是陈述情感，言语能够表达的，不需要语气与肢体的辅助，反正也是骗人的。 
8.多少仇恨，才能培育出一颗背叛的种子，又是多少愤怒，多少委屈的浇灌，让他出卖故乡，出卖族人。 
9.真正的忠心是丧失理智的服从，莫非你的忠心不过尔尔？世上没真正的忠心，忠‧是一个诈欺的游戏， 
尽忠者得到了尊严、虚名与赞叹，被尽忠的人得到了统御与利益，如此而已。 
10.你们有舍已为人的情操，吾有舍人为己的胸怀，舍你们为吾，你们壮烈牺牲，吾为父报仇， 
彼此成全，这不是两全其美吗？ 
11.( 迦陵：为啥不回句芒?‧魔王子：太旧我叫明玉烧了...‧ 迦陵：瞎咪，那可是火宅传统建筑!!!) 
当维持比重建更费心力时，就有人用历史与传统当作阻挡进步的藉口，如果百年是历史，那九十九年就不是了? 
认清吧，不过就是拆掉的危楼而已。
12.(魔王子：你想念王吗?迦陵：王的精神不灭!!!) 
他活在心中，吾活在世界，千年之后，当他连名字都被遗忘时，精神永存就成了最巨大的谎言。 
13.善良是一种美德，因为懦弱的不敢伤害别人，自卑的恐惧被人伤害，所以将施舍称为同情将暴露弱点叫作信任。 
14.(寒烟翠：你难道不曾为父王悲伤?魔王子：当然有!赤睛：一秒钟...。魔王子：差不多。) 
嫌短吗?要多久才能表达哀伤?三个月?三年?三十年?每一个人每天都在怀念死去的先人，道路上就会充斥著满满的哭声，太吵了~， 
所以我们需要的是诚心的哀悼，只要诚心，一秒钟足够了。 
15.人总是喜欢谎言，吾只是配合谎言演出，为父报仇，多高贵的情操，包装的完美，连你也会动摇接受， 
但吾非常诚恳，诚恳的只想以真面目示人。父王死了，死就死了，人‧总是会死。 
16.爱情，能使人痴迷，两个字，就包括了生物的求偶本能，占有欲望与自毁倾向。 
17.画了一条线，再限制自己不可跨过这条线，这世上，还有比道德更愚蠢的事情吗? 
18.为什麼要问理由?真正每一件事情都有理由吗?你爱问理由，吾给你一个理由，你又不相信吾的理由。 
没理由，真正没任何理由，要说理由，吾想做，就是一个念头，想做、去做，这就是理由。 
19.争赢了又如何，结果仍是自以为是。 
20.那种约定未来的事情，实在无法让人认真，毕竟未来太遥远，而我们只能把握当下。 
21.当你报不了仇的时候，你只能选择原谅。 
22.难道宽恕不是美德，只是故做大方，只是妄想用得到的补偿代替伤害。 
23.每一个祈求原谅的人都与吾一般，不同的是他们淩虐的是对方的心灵，吾淩虐的是肉体， 

I am happy to join with you today in what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation.

Five score years ago, a great American, in whose symbolic shadow we stand today, signed the Emancipation Proclamation. This momentous decree came as a great beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves, who had been seared in the flames of withering injustice. It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of their captivity.

But one hundred years later, the Negro still is not free. One hundred years later, the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination. One hundred years later, the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity. One hundred years later, the Negro is still languished in the corners of American society and finds himself an exile in his own land. And so we've come here today to dramatize a shameful condition.

In a sense we have come to our nation's capital to cash a check. When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir. This note was a promise that all men, yes, black men as well as white men, would be guaranteed the unalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. It is obvious today that America has defaulted on this promissory note, insofar as her citizens of color are concerned. Instead of honoring this sacred obligation, America has given the Negro people a bad check, a check which has come back marked "insufficient funds."

But we refuse to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt. We refuse to believe that there are insufficient funds in the great vaults of opportunity of this nation. And so we have come to cash this check, a check that will give us upon demand the riches of freedom and the security of justice.

We have also come to this hallowed spot to remind America of the fierce urgency of Now. This is no time to engage in the luxury of cooling off or to take the tranquilizing drug of gradualism. Now is the time to make real the promises of democracy. Now is the time to rise from the dark and desolate valley of segregation to the sunlit path of racial justice. Now is the time to lift our nation from the quicksands of racial injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood. Now is the time to make justice a reality for all of God's children.

It would be fatal for the nation to overlook the urgency of the moment. This sweltering summer of the Negro's legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn of freedom and equality. Nineteen sixty-three is not an end but a beginning. Those who hope that the Negro needed to blow off steam and will now be content will have a rude awakening if
the nation returns to business as usual. There will be neither rest nor tranquility in America until the Negro is granted his citizenship rights. The whirlwinds of revolt will continue to shake the foundations of our nation until the bright day of justice emerges.

But there is something that I must say to my people who stand on the warm threshold which leads into the palace of justice. In the process of gaining our rightful place we must not be guilty of wrongful deeds. Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred. We must ever conduct our struggle on the high plane of dignity and discipline. We must not allow our creative protest to degenerate into physical violence. Again and again we must rise to the majestic heights of meeting physical force with soul force.

The marvelous new militancy which has engulfed the Negro community must not lead us to a distrust of all white people, for many of our white brothers, as evidenced by their presence here today, have come to realize that their destiny is tied up with our destiny. And they have come to realize that their freedom is inextricably bound to our freedom. We cannot walk alone.

And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back. There are those who are asking the devotees of civil rights, "When will you be satisfied?" We can never be satisfied as long as the Negro is the victim of the unspeakable horrors of police brutality. We can never be satisfied as long as our bodies, heavy with the fatigue of travel, cannot gain lodging in the motels of the highways and the hotels of the cities. We cannot be satisfied as long as a Negro in Mississippi cannot vote and a Negro in New York believes he has nothing for which to vote. No, no, we are not satisfied and we will not be satisfied until justice rolls down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream.

I am not unmindful that some of you have come here out of great trials and tribulations. Some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells. Some of you have come from areas where your quest for freedom left you battered by the storms of persecutions and staggered by the winds of police brutality. You have been the veterans of creative suffering. Continue to work with the faith that unearned suffering is redemptive. Go back to Mississippi, go back to Alabama, go back to South Carolina, go back to Georgia, go back to Louisiana, go back to the slums and ghettos of our northern cities, knowing that somehow this situation can and will be changed. Let us not wallow in the valley of despair, I say to you today, my friends. And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.

I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal.

I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood.

I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice.

I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character. I have a dream today!

I have a dream that one day, down in Alabama, with its vicious racists, with its governor having his lips dripping with the words of interposition and nullification; one day right down in Alabama little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers. I have a dream today!

I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, and every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together.

This is our hope. This is the faith that I will go back to the South with. With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day. And this will be the day, this will be the day when all of God's children will be able to sing with new meaning, "My country 'tis of thee, sweet land of liberty, of thee I sing. Land where my fathers died, land of the Pilgrim's pride, from every mountainside, let freedom ring!" And if America is to be a great nation, this must become true.
